while walking or running at any
movement in our body at the same time
dozens of different muscles work they all
as you yourself must act
in a certain order and how does the brain not
gets confused where and when to send signals
for this he has a cerebellum if he
it is difficult for a person to work properly
move at all in our brain for each
cell fixed certain
no extra functions they all take
different information sounds and smells
images recognize and process them
to small children brain cells are capable
redeploy the accepting functions
neighboring neurons one of the puzzles of the brain
with age we lose this unique
ability unfortunately the younger
the child is the more developed plasticity
that is, this is the same learning ability and
universal squad of because than
younger the cell is to those great features it
can learn if scientists still
don't know how our brain processes and
sorts the received information then with
anatomical point of view, he studied
almost 99 percent we know what
the area is responsible for seeing what kind of hearing
smells view explore all these
zone allows ultrasonic
diagnostics
this method of rapid diagnosis screaming
method and so she and valuable in our lives
we can now read the size of that
or another structure compare with the norm and
describe changes in pathology is not superfluous
will remind you that it is absolutely
harmless and safe method
research since ultrasound
waves do not exert ionizing and
damaging effects on tissue and cells
where the brain is shown to all threads
her complaint no complaints age at
birth at three months at six months in
year
adults in traumatic brain injury
almost immediately after injury and
three months after injury to
the brain perfectly controls the muscles without
our knowledge is worth only
slipping and the body itself is trying to
keep balance imagine if
would we think so as not to fall i need
lean in the other direction then already
would long ago lay on the ground it turns out that
the brain acts faster than thought therefore
take care of him and be healthy